https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267602 ConnectedTexturesMod by tterrag1098
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235279 Chisel by tterrag1098
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242818 CodeChicken Lib 1.8.+ by covers1624
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/239197 CraftTweaker by jaredlll08
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231095Chisels & Bits by AlgorithmX2
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248787 AppleSkin by squeek502
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229876 BetterFps by Guichaguri
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228027 BiblioCraft by JDSinclair
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/271384 CoFH World by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256717Clumps by jaredlll08
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224472AppleCore by squeek502
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220318Biomes O' Plenty by Glitchfiend
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223735Aroma1997Core by Aroma1997
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/60092Aroma1997s Dimensional World by Aroma1997
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250363 AutoRegLib by Vazkii
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250577 Akashic Tome by Vazkii
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/79616  Decocraft2 by RazzleberryFox
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277631  ArchitectureCraft - ElytraDev Version by darkevilmac
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225635 AgriCraft by InfinityRaider
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228529 Better Foliage by octarine_noise
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/233019 AI Improvements by darkguardsman
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/263442 Animalium by Vadis365
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/230497 Chameleon by jaquadro
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223275  BetterBedrockGen by Gigabit1011
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/286703  Immersive Vehicles (Formerly Transport Simulator) by don_bruce
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250832  OpenBlocks Elevator by VsnGamer
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/297680  Additional Structures by XxRexRaptorxX
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/74924  Mantle by mDiyo
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/291126  Engineer's Doors by Nihiltres
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240783  SimpleHarvest by TehNut
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254268  TorchMaster by xalcon
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238747  Mod Name Tooltip by mezz
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/269036  Pam's Cookables - Pam's Harvestcraft Addon by BloodWorkXGaming
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/60089  Mouse Tweaks by YaLTeR97
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238222  Just Enough Items (JEI) by mezz
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225957  Hardcore Darkness by lumien231
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/298965  LibEx by LogicTechCorp
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253043  WanionLib by WanionCane
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282313  TipTheScales by jaredlll08
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/277736  Immersive Railroading by cam72cam
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245755  Waystones by BlayTheNinth
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225903  Garden Stuff by jaquadro
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244786  Platforms by ShetiPhian
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/282613  Track API by cam72cam
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237701  ReAuth by TechnicianLP
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228756  Iron Chests by progwml6
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/244258  UniDict by WanionCane
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229708  Farseek by delvr
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/289466  Progressive Bosses by Insane96
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/268250  Immersive Petroleum by theFlaxbeard
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237102  FTB Utilities by FTB
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/267939  Just Enough HarvestCraft (JEHC) by mrAppleXZ
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/291936  FindMe by Buuz135
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/255177  YABBA by LatvianModder
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224476  Hunger Overhaul by progwml6
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/291786  Tinker's JEI by Possible_Triangle
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/71738  ShetiPhianCore by ShetiPhian
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238551  GraveStone Mod  by EuhDawson
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/79287"  Waila Harvestability  by squeek502
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250898  Ore Excavation  by Funwayguy
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253172  Statues by svennieke
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/240630  Just Enough Resources (JER) by Way2muchnoise
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227049  Iron Backpacks by gr8pefish
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253211  MTLib by jaredlll08
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220811  The Spice of Life by squeek502
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223896  MalisisCore by Ordinastie >
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224663  OpenModularTurrets by Keridos
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/307806  OreLib by OreCruncher
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229084  Portal Gun  by iChun
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229769  Streams  by delvr
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/250957  Tinkers' Tool Leveling  by bonusboni
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238590  Flat Colored Blocks  by AlgorithmX2
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/278494  FoamFix for Minecraft  by asiekierka
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59751  Forestry  by SirSengir
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228832  Guide-API  by TehNut
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223008  OpenComputers
by SangarWasTaken
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237167  FTB Library by FTB
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/74072  Tinkers Construct by mDiyo
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/220954  ModTweaker by jaredlll08
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223094  Inventory Tweaks by Kobata
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/231951  Immersive Engineering by BluSunrize
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225561  Extra Utilities by RWTema
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/256141  Rustic by mangoose3039
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248453  Shadowfacts' Forgelin by shadowfactsmc
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/292217  Transport Simulator - Official Vehicle Set by don_bruce
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238372  Neat by Vazkii
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223891  MalisisDoors by Ordinastie
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/237903  Reborn Core by modmuss50
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/59613  EnderTanks by ShetiPhian
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/248039  NetherEx by LogicTechCorp
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/251121  Industrial Wires by malte0811
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/251396  InfinityLib by InfinityRaider
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/274807  Netherending Ores by ic_trab
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/228948  Grimoire of Gaia by Silentine
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/257573  Xtones by TehNut
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/221857  Pam's HarvestCraft by MatrexsVigil
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/221915  Pam's Simple Recipes by MatrexsVigil
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/251138  Hatchery by GenDeathrow
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/270789  Redstone Flux by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/263624  Moar Tinkers by Bartz24
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/229060  iChunUtil by iChun
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226254  NuclearCraft by TLJGames
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/230976  Fast Leaf Decay by Olafskii
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/314904  FTB Utilities: Backups by LatvianModder
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/291727  Just Enough Petroleum by BordListian
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/225946  LootBags by Malorolam
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254334  OMLib by Keridos
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/224712  Wawla - What Are We Looking At by Darkhax
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/235121  QuantumStorage by Gigabit1011
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/253449  Hwyla by TehNut
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/275408  Oreberries by josephcsible
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/291499  PTRLib by RazzleberryFox
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243205  Mo' Villages by The_WeatherPony
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254466  Simple Void World by modmuss50
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/243478  More Overlays by feldim2425
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/238891  Dynamic Surroundings by OreCruncher
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/242638  Industrial Craft by Player
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/265917  JEI Integration by SnowShock35
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254332  Open Modular Passive Defense by Keridos
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69162  CoFH Core by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/222880  Thermal Foundation by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/69163  Thermal Expansion by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/227443  Thermal Dynamics by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/271835  Thermal Cultivation by TeamCoFH
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/255308  Aether Legacy by 115kino
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/296633  Tinkers Aether by Shnupbups
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/223852  Storage Drawers by jaquadro
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/254879  Storage Drawers Extras by jaquadro
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/245174  Ender Storage 1.8.+ by covers1624
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226406  Custom Main Menu by lumien231
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/mc-mods/226447  Resource Loader by lumien231
